hi this is Daniel with art Cyclery and
today I'm going to show you how to
adjust Shimano di2 front derailleur x'
for this example we're going to use a
Shimano Tegra 6,700 front derailleur but
it doesn't matter which type it is any
di2 front derailleur is going to adjust
using the same procedures so the first
step we're going to do is adjust the
height of the derailleur we're going to
want this cage to be one to three
millimeters off of the top of these
teeth so this one's set up just a little
bit high so we're going to lower it by
using a five millimeter allen wrench and
loosening this anchor bolt dropping the
derailleur down just a touch so right
there we're at about one and a half
millimeters I kind of like to err on the
close side tighten it down good there so
the next step is to adjust the angle of
the cage and we want this outer cage to
be parallel with this chain ring the way
that we do that is to use a two
millimeter allen there's a small set
screw that's deep within the derailleur
here it's accessed right in here kind of
hard to see black now that presses up
against the Bray's on and as we turn it
here you'll start to see the derailleur
start to kick out we'll just stop once
we get it lined up right there
now it's important that you do this so
that the derailleur has something to
push off of when it shifts and this
adjustment can only be made when the
derailleur is in the smaller chain ring
next we need to adjust the inner limit
screw that's right here on the outside
of the derailleur put in our two
millimeter allen and turn it until the
inner cage gets right up next to the
chain as close as possible without
actually touching the last step is to
adjust the upper limit that's on this
small screw marked H we're going to
bring that outer cage in so that it's as
close to the chain as possible without
touching all right so now we'll just go
through the shifting and just make sure
everything's working right we'll go to
both extremes
and both rings make sure that it's still
shifting I'm just checking to make sure
the chain isn't dropping off the inside
or the outside and that we're still
getting smooth shifts and this one's
good to go
so that's how to adjust a Shimano di2
front derailleur if you have any
questions you can email me directly at
Daniel dot Slusser at arts Cyclery comm
or you can call our toll-free number
check out our other video on how to
adjust di to rear derailleur x'